Every Monday at 11 AM EST, there will be a teams notification with a link to access the report. Please click to access the workspace of AO Governance Report。Select your client and click, view report, to generate it. Export the report to PDF (PDF only). We can see the data from Client Sentiment Portal of this week is automatically updated. We still need to commit data for other parts of the report. Every Monday at 11 AM EST, there will be a teams notification with the directory to commit data to update the report. Please open the Box folder with Your Name_Client Governance And open the folder with the latest date (this Friday). And update the Excel files for all your clients to update data for A Governance Reports (For the first time, it do need some time to commit. For later, data from last week will be automatically carried over to this week) . To update for Services page, please open sheet "Services", and update all colored yellow columns. To update for Projects page, please open sheet "Projects", and update all colored yellow columns. To update for Executive Summary page, please open sheet "Summaries", and update all columns. To customize the reporting cycle, please open sheet "Basic Info", and update the reporting cycle (If vacant, default is set to be the date of this Friday). After finishing modification, please save the excel file to commit the updated data. After saving the excel file, within 2 mins, you will receive a notification in Teams, with the link to access PowerBI workspace to get the report. Please Open the link to access the workspace. Please click the refresh button here to refresh the data you just committed (Automatically refreshed hourly). After refresh is completed, please select the report you need and open it (Refresh the page if already opened the report page). Please select the client to generate the report and download it (PDF only) . You may search for your report by your first name Within the refreshed report, we may find all updated we have committed in Excel files. To change Client sentiments, please go to Client Sentiment Portal. (15mins- sync delay from there to our report).